---
lang: "en"
page:
  title: "AVAV Star Relief Foundation"
  description: "AV actresses may seem glamorous, but they are already a very involved profession. Japan currently produces about 4,000 films per year, but considering that the number of active AV actors in Japan is roughly 20,000, excluding the top traffic stars who have produced a large number of films, most actresses may not have one film a year. . Moreover, due to P station and other online video platforms taking away DVD customers, coupled with the continuous influx of young girls into the industry, the job opportunities of most AV actresses today have plummeted. They are no longer the high-paying professions 20 years ago, and the average income is only higher than the average Salary earners are a bit higher.
There is a general consensus among AV actresses** - the more you give, the scarier it is. **Because high salary means binding, piercing, beating and other extreme shooting menus. An actress once said, &quot;The day I got 200,000 yuan (¥10,000), I thought I was going to die there.&quot; There have also been actresses who lost their lives due to special operations such as vacuum binding and suffocation.<br>
Eighty percent of actresses' wages will be taken away by brokerage companies, and these brokerage companies usually induce and coerce actresses into signing various contracts. If they violate them, they will have to pay high liquidated damages. Many AV actresses can only be at the mercy of brokerage companies or underworld.
Most actresses will be out of fashion after a few years of work. Not only will they earn a lot of money, they will also be asked to shoot some heavy-flavored films. In the end, their health will be broken, and they will basically die from society. Except for a few who have successfully transformed, such as Teacher Sora Aoi, more than 90% of actresses cannot find normal employment in society after retiring, and can only go to places like izakaya or work as prostitutes. <br>
The AV industry is full of cruelty and injustice. Many AV actresses are under tremendous pressure in the industry, and their rights are often violated. <br>
In order to better support and help these victimized AV actresses, the AVAV Foundation initiated the establishment of a &quot;Vulnerable AV Actress Relief Fund&quot; to safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of AV practitioners. We hope that through the operation of this foundation, we can provide victims with necessary legal aid, vocational training, psychological counseling, employment support, etc. We also hope that through public education and policy advocacy, we can change society's prejudice and discrimination against them, increase society's understanding and sympathy for their plight, and at the same time push the government to introduce measures and enact laws to regulate the AV industry and improve the employment environment for practitioners. <br>
<b>Establishing a relief fund for disadvantaged AV actresses</b><br>
The &quot;Vulnerable AV Actresses Relief Fund&quot; initiated by the AVAV community aims to bring together the power of blockchain users and practitioners to combat widespread gender discrimination and violent exploitation in the AV industry, protect women's rights and interests, and uphold social justice. <br>
The AVAV community will collect public donations and corporate sponsorships to set up a fair and transparent fund to help victims of vulnerable actresses, provide legal aid, psychological counseling, media and other assistance, while also funding the career transition and life needs of the victimized actresses. <br>
Donation address (AVAX-C chain, multi-signature address):<br>
<p class='text-center break-all text-cred'>0xA4f68b10EA7cA139215A2549af384147dB2951e7</p><br>
Rescue objects<br>
AV actresses who suffered unfair treatment and exploitation. After the rescue fund is established, vulnerable and vulnerable actresses who have been victimized will be able to apply for rescue, and the rescue list will be jointly screened by Japanese representatives of the AVAV community, local media, and legal professionals. <br>
<b>Rescue Terms</b><br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9900; Each actress whose application is approved will receive a grant of 1,000 USDT to help the victimized and disadvantaged actresses overcome their current difficulties. The funds funded will be disclosed to the AVAV community and the whole society in a timely manner and will be subject to supervision<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9900; Invite professionals to provide legal aid, psychological counseling, career planning and other intellectual support to the victimized vulnerable actresses<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9900; The AVAV community will contact local Japanese media and social welfare groups to speak out for the victimized actresses and safeguard their legitimate rights and interests<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9900; The AVAV community organizes a fundraising event for the victimized actress<br>
<b>Contact Information</b><br>If you are interested in rescuing disadvantaged AV actresses or want to contribute to protecting women's rights, welcome to join the AVAV community <a href='https://t.me/AVAV_official' target='_blank' class='text-cred'>https://t.me/AVAV_official</a> or <a href='https://t.me/AVAV_Global' target='_blank' class='text-cred'>https://t .me/AVAV_Global</a>, the Disadvantaged AV Actress Relief Fund will also set up a dedicated Twitter and community in due course to update progress."
  resident_star: "Charity Ambassador"
